license: add DCO comment (#32)
Viskores/viskores: CMakeLists.txt

##============================================================================

> ##  This file is covered by the Viskores license, see LICENSE.txt for details.

Reviewer: This is a nitpick, but how about phrase it like this:

```suggestion
##  The contents of this file are covered by the Viskores license. See
##  LICENSE.txt for details.
```
